#summary List of common how-tos

=...know when a new version is released?=

Subscribe to the Downloads RSS feed which is one of the <a href="http://code.google.com/p/restylegc/feeds">many that are available</a>.

=...change the background color?=

  # Make sure to remove the inline style from the body tag.  This is accomplished by:
    {{{
    $('body').removeAttr('style');
    }}} 
    and should already be present.
  # Add a `background` or `background-color` property to the `body` style block.
  # Make sure to add `allowtransparency="true"` to the `<iframe>` tag.  This is necessary for IE to display the background color properly.  

=...change the calendar images?=

The majority of the images are now contained in a single sprite sheet named, for example, `combined_v7.gif`. In previous versions, the images were separated into individual files.

  # Download the latest sprite sheet from Google.
  # Edit the file.
  # Change all references in the stylesheet to point to your version, instead of the one from Google.  Typically, they will look like:
  {{{
  background-image: url(//calendar.google.com/googlecalendar/images/combined_v7.gif);
  }}}
  # Some images still are individual files, for example, the print icon.  Those should already point to the file in the `images` folder, so you should be able to edit it, and the change should be immediately visible.

=...display a specific date or date range?=

<strike>There is an undocumented feature of Google Calendar that allows you to specify a date range.  Add the following variable to your query string:
{{{
dates=YYYYMMDD%2fYYYYMMDD
}}}
where YYYYMMDD represents a date as Year-Month-Day.  This is most useful when the mode is set to agenda, and you want to display future events and not just the current month's events.</strike>

This technique does not appear to work anymore.


=...remove the Google logo?=

Personally, I don't think you should do this, but here are the instructions anyway.

  # Add `display:none` to the `.subscribe-image` style block.

 